it's July first 2008 and today rather
than just reviewing a particular comic
or trade I'm showcasing Michael Turner's
version of super girl from Superman
Batman vol 2 as you know by now within
the past few days Michael Turner
succumbed to his ongoing battle with
cancer Turner was best known for his
work with his company Aspen which
included which played and fathom many
fans looked forward to the seasonal
releases of swimsuit issue style comics
of Aspen's most popular characters
within the past couple of years it seems
that the Turner variant covers have been
highly sought-after collector's items
for titles such as marvel civil war and
fallen son the death of Captain America
one of the characters where Turner's
designs have influenced fandom is for
DC's Supergirl in the Superman Batman
series the images here are all from
Superman Batman vol 2 where the world's
finest have discovered a crashed
Kryptonian spaceship the beautiful
blonde Kryptonian crawls from the
wreckage and begins exploring the
strange planet her only hope is at her
father programmed her ship correctly so
that her cousin kal-el can care for her
his treasure Turner's rendition of kara
brings out her innocence and youthful
carefree charm the way Turner drew every
facial expression and body posture for
each character shows the knowledge he
had of their personalities as if they
were not just two dimensional drawings
but beings he knew firsthand he even
made Krypto look badass back to the
story always the detective Batman is
skeptical if this girl is even a real
Kryptonian or if she's some sort of lab
creation of Lex Luthor or magical
construct of dark side in time he comes
to believe in her origin when Wonder
Woman hears the news of a female with
great power in the world of men she
forcefully takes carrot at the mascara
for proper Warrior Training among the
Amazons this is where harbingers
prediction of Kara's death goes terribly
wrong and its Harbinger who actually
meets her demise Kara's destiny isn't
all rainbows and roses though she gets
captured by dark side and essentially
becomes his queen she undergoes this
major transformation from naive teenage
girl with superpowers to
evil powerhouse with big barda's help
Superman Wonder Woman and Batman are
able to release camera from dark sides
brainwashed hold when they return home
Supergirl is born ma Kent whips up a
dandy new costumes that when she's ready
she can fight alongside cousin kal
trades have a wonderful advantage over
individual floppy comics you often get
treasures like extra splash pages and
concept art this volume is absolutely
full of spectacular Michael Turner
treats if this were a DVD judged on the
quality of extras it would rank high
among all fans the best complimented
Turner's work is the coloring by Peter
steigerwald the two partnered for so
long through so many characters that
it's hard to look at the final product
as being done by separate artists
steigerwald brought to life Turner's
images from Sun radiating off super
girls hair two explosions of fire that
you can practically feel come off the
pages his family has asked that you
honor Michael's memory by supporting the
american cancer society and the
make-a-wish foundation thank you for
joining me today as I showcased Michael
Turner's influence on Supergirl I'm
Elizabeth anthem signing off